istio/using-ambassador-container-app/README.md, before:

# Custom Generic Proxy Interceptor

## Goal

To provide a generic way to Intercept http Traffic on the request and on the response paths without changing the applications of microservices or clients that are using them.


### Objectives
- Create a Generic Proxy Customized application that knows how to intercept all POST and GET methods.
- Redirect Traffic to this proxy using RH Service Mesh Istio.
- Present two modes of operations:
   1. Ambassador container inside a POD near application container
   2. Standalone Proxy in a dedicated POD.



### Procedure
Chose [JAVA Quarkus Framework](https://quarkus.io/) to build the Proxy Interceptor Application. \

#### Building Proxy Interceptor Image

1. First, Build the JAR file of proxy interceptor Application
```shell
 ./mvnw package
```

2. Using your favorite Containers CLI Tool (Docker/Podman/Buildah) to build the image:
```shell
podman build -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile.jvm -t registry-server-address.io/youraccount/traffic-interceptor-quarkus:1 .
```

3. Authenticate to your account at the registry and input your password once prompted:
```shell
podman login registry-server-address.io --username youruser
```
4. Push the image to registry:
```shell
podman push registry-server-address.io/youraccount/traffic-interceptor-quarkus:1
```


#### Ambassador Mode
**Note: In this Mode, The proxy application assuming that per pod,  there is only one pod' container port exposed through k8s service, and this is the microservice' serving port.** 
1. create new project test-ambassador
```shell
oc new-project test-ambassador
```

2. If not already installed on cluster, [Install RH Service mesh Using the operator](../rhsm-istio-operator/servicemesh-operator/README.md), with test-ambassador project inside the ServiceMesh MemberRoll Instance.


3. Deploy Istio' `SideCar` custom resource to override default envoy proxy behavior inherited from mesh control plane, It will forward all ingress traffic coming to service on port 9999 to port 10000 on the loopback localhost network interface ( which in case of a POD is a network common to all containers), that way it will pass all traffic of pod to the proxy interceptor container:
```yaml
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: Sidecar
metadata:
  name: employees
spec:
  workloadSelector:
    labels:
      app: employees
      # Alternatively , you can defined a label like
      # intercept-by-proxy: true
      # On Each microservice pod that you want to intercept, in order to intercept a group of microservices.      
  ingress:
    - port:
        number: 9999
        protocol: HTTPS
        name: http
        # This is the port of the proxy interceptor running as ambassador container in the pod
      defaultEndpoint: 127.0.0.1:10000
```

```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-ambassador/sidecar.yaml
```

4. Create virtual service to define routing for the mocked service
```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-ambassador/virtual-service.yaml
```

5. Create a Gateway Instance, So We'll access the service through ingress gateway route from outside the cluster:
```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-ambassador/ingress-gateway.yaml
```
6. Deploy the mocked Application Deployment and inject to it the ambassador container using `kustomize`, it will also automate steps 3-5:
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-ambassador | oc apply -f -
```
7. Wait a few seconds and run the microservice:
```shell
curl -i --location --request POST 'http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"countryCode": "GB", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IT"}'
```
Output:
```shell
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
matched-stub-id: 89052c3b-6c50-4818-ad8a-c4f90a7d9563
vary: Accept-Encoding, User-Agent
x-quota-limit: 10000
x-quota-remaining: 9666
server: istio-envoy
date: Thu, 23 Mar 2023 15:59:57 GMT
x-gravitee-request-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-rate-limit-limit: 100
x-rate-limit-remaining: 98
content-type: application/json
content-length: 733
x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 1482
x-rate-limit-reset: 1679587256800
x-gravitee-transaction-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-content-type-options: nosniff
x-quota-reset: 1681642457131
x-frame-options: SAMEORIGIN
set-cookie: cd10b69e39387eb7ec9ac241201ab1ab=7707cb491b328913d50465deab41c3fb; path=/; HttpOnly

{"dataSet":"{\n  \"employees\": {\n    \"employee\": [\n      {\n        \"id\": \"1\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Robert Brownforest\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RB1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      },\n      {\n        \"id\": \"2\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Rip Van Winkle\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RVW1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      }\n    ]\n  }\n}"}
```


8. When finished, uninstall everything:
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-ambassador | oc delete -f -
```

#### Standalone Mode

1. If needed, Repeat Steps 1-2 from [Ambassador Mode Procedure](#ambassador-Mode)
2. Deploy Ingress Gateway to define ingress endpoint for the microservice in the mesh:
```yaml
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: demo-ingress
spec:
  selector:
    istio: ingressgateway
  servers:
    - port:
        number: 80
        name: http
        protocol: HTTP
      hosts:
        - "*"
```
```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone/ingress-gateway.yaml
```
3. Create virtual Service to define all routes, from outside cluster, from within mesh, and from proxy interceptor, to the microservice service( need to be created as per microservice' service):
```yaml
kind: VirtualService
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
metadata:
  name: ingress-gateway-to-employees
  labels:
    policyResource: "true"
spec:
  hosts:
#  - "*.test-sa.svc.cluster.local"
  - employees-api.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
  - istio-ingressgateway.istio.system.svc.cluster.local
  - istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com

  gateways:
    - demo-ingress
    - mesh
  http:
  - name: prevent-interception-with-designated-header
    match:
      - headers:
          bypass-interception:
            exact: "true"
    route:
      - destination:
          host: employees-api.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
          port:
            number: 9999     
  - name: route-from-proxy-interceptor-itself
    match:
    - sourceLabels:
        app: "proxy-interceptor"
    route:
        - destination:
            host: employees-api.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
            port:
              number: 9999
  - name: route-from-internal-clients
    match:
    - sourceLabels:
        intercepted-by-proxy: "true"
    route:
      - destination:
          host: proxy-interceptor.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
          port:
            number: 10000
        headers:
          request:
            add:
              x-source-origin: pod-within-mesh
  - name: route-from-outside-mesh-via-ingress-gateway
    match:
    - uri:
        prefix: "/employees"
    rewrite:
      authority: employees-api:9999
    route:
      - destination:
          host: proxy-interceptor.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
          port:
            number: 10000
        headers:
          request:
            add:
              x-source-origin: ingress-gateway
```

```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone/virtual-service.yaml
```
4. Deploy Employees microservice and proxy interceptor deployments ( it will also automate steps 2-3 and namespace creation as well):
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone | oc apply -f -
```
5. Wait a few seconds and run the microservice:
```shell
curl -i --location --request POST 'http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"countryCode": "GB", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IT"}'
```
Output:
```shell
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
matched-stub-id: 8905241b-6c50-4478-a6a4-a79a0c7d9178
vary: Accept-Encoding, User-Agent
x-quota-limit: 10000
x-quota-remaining: 9666
server: istio-envoy
date: Thu, 16 Apr 2023 16:30:40 GMT
x-gravitee-request-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-rate-limit-limit: 100
x-rate-limit-remaining: 98
content-type: application/json
content-length: 733
x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 1482
x-rate-limit-reset: 1679587256800
x-gravitee-transaction-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-content-type-options: nosniff
x-quota-reset: 1681642457131
x-frame-options: SAMEORIGIN
set-cookie: cd10b69e39387eb7ec9ac241201ab1ab=7707cb491b328913d50465deab41c3fb; path=/; HttpOnly

{"dataSet":"{\n  \"employees\": {\n    \"employee\": [\n      {\n        \"id\": \"1\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Robert Brownforest\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RB1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      },\n      {\n        \"id\": \"2\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Rip Van Winkle\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RVW1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      }\n    ]\n  }\n}"}
```
6. Open kiali, and if needed, authenticate using Openshift Credentials:
```shell
xdg-open http://$(oc get route kiali -n istio-system -o=jsonpath="{..spec.host}")
```
Note: You can Enter the following command and copy+paste it into browser in order to enter it manually in the URL bar:
```shell
oc get route kiali -n istio-system -o=jsonpath="{..spec.host}"
```

7. Execute 2 HTTP Requests 50 times in a loop, in order to see the traffic flows at kiali dashboard:
```shell
export HOST=http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com
for i in {1..50}
do 
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
sleep 1
echo
echo
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --header 'bypass-interception: true' --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
echo  
echo
done
```

8. In parallel , on another terminal window, create a rest client pod and enter it:
```shell
oc apply -f ../../rest-client-pod-sidecar.yaml
oc wait --for=condition=Ready=true pod/rest-api-client
oc exec -it rest-api-client -- bash
```
9. From inside the client pod, execute 2 HTTP Requests 50 times in a loop, in order to see the traffic flows at kiali dashboard:
```shell
export HOST=http://employees-api.test-sa:9999
for i in {1..50}
do 
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
sleep 1
echo
echo
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --header 'bypass-interception: true' --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
echo  
echo
done
```
10. When finished, uninstall everything:
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone | oc delete -f -
```

Commit message:

Add invocations of service in loop, and showing the data flows visualization in kiali for all demos
Signed-off-by: Zvi Grinberg <zgrinber@redhat.com>

istio/using-ambassador-container-app/README.md, after:

# Custom Generic Proxy Interceptor

## Goal

To provide a generic way to Intercept http Traffic on the request and on the response paths without changing the applications of microservices or clients that are using them.


### Objectives
- Create a Generic Proxy Customized application that knows how to intercept all POST and GET methods.
- Redirect Traffic to this proxy using RH Service Mesh Istio.
- Present two modes of operations:
   1. Ambassador container inside a POD near application container
   2. Standalone Proxy in a dedicated POD.



### Procedure
Chose [JAVA Quarkus Framework](https://quarkus.io/) to build the Proxy Interceptor Application. \

#### Building Proxy Interceptor Image

1. First, Build the JAR file of proxy interceptor Application
```shell
 ./mvnw package
```

2. Using your favorite Containers CLI Tool (Docker/Podman/Buildah) to build the image:
```shell
podman build -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile.jvm -t registry-server-address.io/youraccount/traffic-interceptor-quarkus:1 .
```

3. Authenticate to your account at the registry and input your password once prompted:
```shell
podman login registry-server-address.io --username youruser
```
4. Push the image to registry:
```shell
podman push registry-server-address.io/youraccount/traffic-interceptor-quarkus:1
```


#### Ambassador Mode
**Note: In this Mode, The proxy application assuming that per pod,  there is only one pod' container port exposed through k8s service, and this is the microservice' serving port.** 
1. create new project test-ambassador
```shell
oc new-project test-ambassador
```

2. If not already installed on cluster, [Install RH Service mesh Using the operator](../rhsm-istio-operator/servicemesh-operator/README.md), with test-ambassador project inside the ServiceMesh MemberRoll Instance.


3. Deploy Istio' `SideCar` custom resource to override default envoy proxy behavior inherited from mesh control plane, It will forward all ingress traffic coming to service on port 9999 to port 10000 on the loopback localhost network interface ( which in case of a POD is a network common to all containers), that way it will pass all traffic of pod to the proxy interceptor container:
```yaml
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: Sidecar
metadata:
  name: employees
spec:
  workloadSelector:
    labels:
      app: employees
      # Alternatively , you can defined a label like
      # intercept-by-proxy: true
      # On Each microservice pod that you want to intercept, in order to intercept a group of microservices.      
  ingress:
    - port:
        number: 9999
        protocol: HTTPS
        name: http
        # This is the port of the proxy interceptor running as ambassador container in the pod
      defaultEndpoint: 127.0.0.1:10000
```

```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-ambassador/sidecar.yaml
```

4. Create virtual service to define routing for the mocked service
```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-ambassador/virtual-service.yaml
```

5. Create a Gateway Instance, So We'll access the service through ingress gateway route from outside the cluster:
```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-ambassador/ingress-gateway.yaml
```
6. Deploy the mocked Application Deployment and inject to it the ambassador container using `kustomize`, it will also automate steps 3-5:
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-ambassador | oc apply -f -
```
7. Wait a few seconds and run the microservice:
```shell
curl -i --location --request POST 'http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"countryCode": "GB", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IT"}'
```
Output:
```shell
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
matched-stub-id: 89052c3b-6c50-4818-ad8a-c4f90a7d9563
vary: Accept-Encoding, User-Agent
x-quota-limit: 10000
x-quota-remaining: 9666
server: istio-envoy
date: Thu, 23 Mar 2023 15:59:57 GMT
x-gravitee-request-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-rate-limit-limit: 100
x-rate-limit-remaining: 98
content-type: application/json
content-length: 733
x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 1482
x-rate-limit-reset: 1679587256800
x-gravitee-transaction-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-content-type-options: nosniff
x-quota-reset: 1681642457131
x-frame-options: SAMEORIGIN
set-cookie: cd10b69e39387eb7ec9ac241201ab1ab=7707cb491b328913d50465deab41c3fb; path=/; HttpOnly

{"dataSet":"{\n  \"employees\": {\n    \"employee\": [\n      {\n        \"id\": \"1\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Robert Brownforest\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RB1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      },\n      {\n        \"id\": \"2\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Rip Van Winkle\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RVW1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      }\n    ]\n  }\n}"}
```
8.  Open Kiali Dashboard , and if needed, authenticate using Openshift Credentials:
```shell
xdg-open http://$(oc get route kiali -n istio-system -o=jsonpath="{..spec.host}")
```
Note: You can Enter the following command and copy+paste it into browser in order to enter it manually in the URL bar:
```shell
oc get route kiali -n istio-system -o=jsonpath="{..spec.host}"
```

9. Invoke 2 invocations to service, 1 via ingress gateway , and 1 from inside the mesh , 50 times in loop
```shell
export INGRESS_HOST=http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com
export HOST=http://employees-api.test-ambassador:9999
for i in {1..50}
do 
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --data-raw '{"countryCode": "GB", "dataOwningCountryCode": "GB"}'
sleep 1
echo
echo
curl --location --request POST ''$INGRESS_HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --data-raw '{"countryCode": "GB", "dataOwningCountryCode": "GB"}'
echo  
echo
done
```

10. Check the kiali dashboard for visualization of how the traffic flows.


11. When finished, uninstall everything:
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-ambassador | oc delete -f -
```

#### Standalone Mode

1. If needed, Repeat Steps 1-2 from [Ambassador Mode Procedure](#ambassador-Mode)
2. Deploy Ingress Gateway to define ingress endpoint for the microservice in the mesh:
```yaml
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: demo-ingress
spec:
  selector:
    istio: ingressgateway
  servers:
    - port:
        number: 80
        name: http
        protocol: HTTP
      hosts:
        - "*"
```
```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone/ingress-gateway.yaml
```
3. Create virtual Service to define all routes, from outside cluster, from within mesh, and from proxy interceptor, to the microservice service( need to be created as per microservice' service):
```yaml
kind: VirtualService
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
metadata:
  name: ingress-gateway-to-employees
  labels:
    policyResource: "true"
spec:
  hosts:
#  - "*.test-sa.svc.cluster.local"
  - employees-api.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
  - istio-ingressgateway.istio.system.svc.cluster.local
  - istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com

  gateways:
    - demo-ingress
    - mesh
  http:
  - name: prevent-interception-with-designated-header
    match:
      - headers:
          bypass-interception:
            exact: "true"
    route:
      - destination:
          host: employees-api.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
          port:
            number: 9999     
  - name: route-from-proxy-interceptor-itself
    match:
    - sourceLabels:
        app: "proxy-interceptor"
    route:
        - destination:
            host: employees-api.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
            port:
              number: 9999
  - name: route-from-internal-clients
    match:
    - sourceLabels:
        intercepted-by-proxy: "true"
    route:
      - destination:
          host: proxy-interceptor.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
          port:
            number: 10000
        headers:
          request:
            add:
              x-source-origin: pod-within-mesh
  - name: route-from-outside-mesh-via-ingress-gateway
    match:
    - uri:
        prefix: "/employees"
    rewrite:
      authority: employees-api:9999
    route:
      - destination:
          host: proxy-interceptor.test-sa.svc.cluster.local
          port:
            number: 10000
        headers:
          request:
            add:
              x-source-origin: ingress-gateway
```

```shell
oc apply -f ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone/virtual-service.yaml
```
4. Deploy Employees microservice and proxy interceptor deployments ( it will also automate steps 2-3 and namespace creation as well):
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone | oc apply -f -
```
5. Wait a few seconds and run the microservice:
```shell
curl -i --location --request POST 'http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"countryCode": "GB", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IT"}'
```
Output:
```shell
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
matched-stub-id: 8905241b-6c50-4478-a6a4-a79a0c7d9178
vary: Accept-Encoding, User-Agent
x-quota-limit: 10000
x-quota-remaining: 9666
server: istio-envoy
date: Thu, 16 Apr 2023 16:30:40 GMT
x-gravitee-request-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-rate-limit-limit: 100
x-rate-limit-remaining: 98
content-type: application/json
content-length: 733
x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 1482
x-rate-limit-reset: 1679587256800
x-gravitee-transaction-id: a2571aff-7724-4610-971a-ff772416103d
x-content-type-options: nosniff
x-quota-reset: 1681642457131
x-frame-options: SAMEORIGIN
set-cookie: cd10b69e39387eb7ec9ac241201ab1ab=7707cb491b328913d50465deab41c3fb; path=/; HttpOnly

{"dataSet":"{\n  \"employees\": {\n    \"employee\": [\n      {\n        \"id\": \"1\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Robert Brownforest\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RB1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      },\n      {\n        \"id\": \"2\",\n        \"firstName\": \"*********\",\n        \"lastName\": \"*********\",\n        \"fullName\": \"Rip Van Winkle\",\n        \"DOB\": \"01/01/0001\",\n        \"email\": \"RVW1@exate.com\",\n        \"photo\": \"https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/735509975649378305/B81JwLT7.jpg\"\n      }\n    ]\n  }\n}"}
```
6. Open kiali, and if needed, authenticate using Openshift Credentials:
```shell
xdg-open http://$(oc get route kiali -n istio-system -o=jsonpath="{..spec.host}")
```
Note: You can Enter the following command and copy+paste it into browser in order to enter it manually in the URL bar:
```shell
oc get route kiali -n istio-system -o=jsonpath="{..spec.host}"
```

7. Execute 2 HTTP Requests 50 times in a loop, in order to see the traffic flows at kiali dashboard:
```shell
export HOST=http://istio-ingressgateway-istio-system.apps.exate-us-west.fsi.rhecoeng.com
for i in {1..50}
do 
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
sleep 1
echo
echo
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --header 'bypass-interception: true' --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
echo  
echo
done
```

8. In parallel , on another terminal window, create a rest client pod and enter it:
```shell
oc apply -f ../../rest-client-pod-sidecar.yaml
oc wait --for=condition=Ready=true pod/rest-api-client
oc exec -it rest-api-client -- bash
```
9. From inside the client pod, execute 2 HTTP Requests 50 times in a loop, in order to see the traffic flows at kiali dashboard:
```shell
export HOST=http://employees-api.test-sa:9999
for i in {1..50}
do 
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
sleep 1
echo
echo
curl --location --request POST ''$HOST'/employees' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  --header 'bypass-interception: true' --data-raw '{"countryCode": "IL", "dataOwningCountryCode": "IL"}'
echo  
echo
done
```
10. When finished, uninstall everything:
```shell
kustomize build ../../mocks/with-proxy-interceptor-standalone | oc delete -f -
```
